                          Concept
I haven't pushed the idea to an extreme yet but
I've done tests and found it is possible to do
Stop Motion type animation in Blender.

Initially I tried with objects, which worked but then
I wondered what would happen if collections instead.
The result is much better but the tedium sparked the idea to
automate certain tasks to speed up the process.


                        Method/Usage
You create objects to form a single image frame (like stop motion).
You go to another frame and create another image, and so on.
You can't animate object/collection visibility in 2.8.
Initially I tried animating the Object Display type however if you instance
its collection, you could animate the collection's instance_type.
This works better because:
    1) Draw type is always visible in viewport unless overlays are disabled.
    2) Lets you worry about fewer items' keyframes.


                       Keymap Implementation
When cycling through frames, the mesh collection is disabled.
If you click the visible instance and run the Edit_Mode operator,
the designated collection will be shown and the instance hidden.
Another operator will allow you to toggle back to the instance.

A function will be placed in bpy.app.handlers.frame_change_pre.
This function re-hide collections and display instances.

An operator will handle keyframe management.
When ran, it will either:
    1) Create an empty keyframe collection.
    2) Duplicate the current collection (there's an op that does this).
Next it will push the keyframe of every other frame.
Thus, making frame changes a single button click, rather than several steps.

There also needs to be a differentiate between background and objects.
Meaning in Stop Motion, EVERY single thing in the scene is animated together.
There are no do-overs or coming back to a particular thing later.
You get it all done in one frame, then move to the next.
There's no reason to force this limitation in CG.
So, the idea is to perform these visibility tasks on multiple collections.
